"I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever."
"We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew."
"I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh."
"I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret."
"I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid."
"If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food."
"Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans."
"Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness"
"Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?"
"Everyone's always telling you to be humble. When was the last time someone told you to be great?"
"Life is 5% what happens, and 95% how you react."
"Having a Rolex or a Benz is not something that actually represents your success because there’s always something more expensive to buy. Success is really being able to do things for others as well as the people around you and yourself."
"This is my life homie, you decide yours"
"I don't expect to be understood at all."
"I'm on the pursuit of awesomeness, excellence is the bare minimum."
"People will have a problem with whatever you do. At the end of the day, nobody can determine what you need to do in order to be successful and why would you listen to someone who is not successful tell you what you need to do?"
"I refuse to follow the rules where society tries to control people with low self esteem."
"Okay, for me, first of all, dopeness is what I like the most."
"For me to say I wasn't a genius I'd just be lying to you and to myself"
"You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing."
"As we live, our hearts turn colder. Cause pain is what we go through, as we become older. We get insulted by others, lose trust for those others. We get back stabbed by friends. It becomes harder for us to give others a hand. We get our heart broken by people we love, even that we give them all we have. Then we lose family over time. What else could rust the heart more over time? Blackgold."
"Recognize and embrace your flaws so you can learn from them. Sometimes it takes a little polishing to truly shine."
"Success is the best revenge"
"I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness."
"Nothing in life is promised except death"
"The plan was to drink until the pain is over, But what's worse, the pain or the hangover?"
"I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle"
"For me giving up is way harder than trying"
"If you admire somebody, you should go ahead and tell them. People never get the flowers while they can still smell them."
"Love your haters - they're your biggest fans"
"I am not a fan of books. I would never want a book's autograph"
"Sometimes when I see a bad performance and people still clap... I wonder if they're clapping because they liked what they saw or because they're happy it's over?"
"I believe in myself like a five-year-old believes in himself. They say look at me, look at me! Then they do a flip in the backyard. It won't even be that amazing, but everyone will be clapping for them."
"My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live."
"They say ya additude determines ya laditude..."
"homie I'm graduated"
"The prettiest people do the ugliest things."
"Keep rockin', and keep knockin'
 Whether you Louis Vuitton it up or Reebokin'
 You see the hate, that they're servin' on a platter
 So what we gon' have, dessert or disaster?"